Remove singleton and allow unix exporter to be used multiple times (#5361)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/release-notes.md

`name` to `otel_scope_name` and `version` to `otel_scope_version`. This is
now correct with the OTLP Instrumentation Scope specification.

### Breaking change: `prometheus.exporter.unix` now requires a label.

> Previously the exporter was a singleton and did not require a label. The exporter now can be used multiple times and
> needs a label, `prometheus.exporter.unix "example"`.

Reviewer: Aligning with how other breaking changes are documented (with before/after examples):

``````suggestion
Previously the exporter was a singleton and did not require a label. The exporter now can be used multiple times and
needs a label.

Old configuration example:

```river 
prometheus.exporter.unix { /* ... */ } 
```

New configuration example:

```river 
prometheus.exporter.unix "example" { /* ... */ } 
```
``````
